So let's move back to the location picker where we now get these coordinates having recorded answers
of course nice but we want to use them to get a real address to display and that snapshot that review
I was talking about and we can get both from a separate Google API is not fruit at Javascript SDK but
through Abra API we can directly call.
So let's do that.
Let's first of all let's say gets the address for this.
I'll add a new private method here in the location picker now get address where I expect to get a latitude
which will be a number and a long etude which will be a number because we get an address for this coordinate
pair and now in here I want to use the angular age to the client so let's inject it into the location
picker age to be of type h to be client which should be imported from at angular common H2 DP because
now we can send a regular HBP request to an API endpoint.
This API endpoint is reached with a get request let's call get and now the exact address is something
we of course can get from the Google documentation.
So here in our Google Cloud Platform overview asked us loads you have a rough overview over how many
requests you send in your billing and that is a good way of keeping track of course.
Now under API eyes here you see the API that were unlocked and there will now need the geo coding API.
Now to learn more about that that simply search for Google geo coding API to find the documentation
for that API and of course as always this is a great place to learn more about that.
Now what we want to do here is we want to do an address look up where we pass latitude and longitude
pair.
So in the end you can just copy that API path here which is de you are ELT which we need to send the
request.
Let's add it here and of course we now need our API key again.
Now we have that API key in the map modal component already and we can definitely copy and paste it
around.
But this is a bit cumbersome so bad better way of managing is to cut it from there and actually go to
dead environments folder in the project and they are under environment.
You can add your own global variables that you can use in your angular project like the Google Maps
API key or whatever you want to named US and here you then store that key and now you can import this
into any of your files and you could even switch to values for production so that in production mode
you use different keys hero ever.
I will use the same but you could have a different key one that is locked down quite a bit for development
and one that has more permissions which you can all set up in the Google platforms console by the way
for production.
Here again I will use the same key but now we can go back to the map modal component and simply add
that key here.
For Dad we just need to import it.
Let's add a fourth here from the environments folder and there the environment file and then the thing
I want to import here is environment and this environment object.
Now we'll have our Google Maps API key and now we can do the same here in the location picker here where
I need my api key I instead simply add environment which should be imported from the environment folder
and there the environment file and you should use a relative import path here and then we don't import
the full or we don't use the follow up object but we used to Google Maps API key.
So now we can send a request there and of course that request as I mentioned actually holds the latitude
and longitude pair.
So let's use back takes here so that we can inject value is easier.
And that of course means we can also change the way we add our key.
We can simply add days dollar sign curly brace thing here and then not concatenate our key as we did
before with the plus but instead simply injected like this and now we want to do the same for the latitude
in the long etude.
So for the latitude here we pass lat which is our first argument we're getting and for a long etude
and don't delete that comma.
That does matter.
We add LNG for a long etude so now we send a request to a U R L that should actually give us the address
for this coordinate pair as always this gives us a and observable here and it is observable will actually
give us a response that will not have the form and we need it in.
So let's pipe that map operator here which of course is imported from our exchange as operators there
will get some geo data which we now have to transform it for that.
First of all let us console locked you data shall we.
That sounds like a good starting place.
Now we can call get an address here.
Once we got our coordinates.
So here we can call get an address and forward and forward modal data dots data.
And now this should be of course our coordinate pair but only if we selected a place on the map.
Not if we canceled it.
So first of all check if modal data thought data is set.
If it is not undefined or in other words if it is on the find I will simply return here in this function
because then it don't want to continue if it is defined however then it will hold de coordinates and
therefore then data is of course in the format.
We return it here upon a click so it will be an object with a lad and a long field so here we can therefore
access lat and modal data data LNG.
Now this should return an observable here actually.
Let's return this year and get address so that up there in on pick location where I call get at risk
I can subscribe.
So that this request actually gets sent let's save this now and let's see what this gives us.
So once this restarts let's pick a location and it gives us back a result that looks like dead an object
with a couple of fields results.
Sounds promising and that actually holds an array and array of addresses.
It basically identified and that is what we'll have to do in the map method.
Now we'll have to return only a single address.
I'm not interested in all these addresses here so in the map operator down there we can now check first
of all if we didn't get geo data or if we have dual data but there somehow is no results key or if we
have two data and we have a results key.
But the length is equal to zero in all these cases there is no address to retrieve and therefore I will
return null here otherwise I will return geo data results and then access the first element in that
results array and there we have a formatted underscore address field that is what you can see in our
example output here this field here is what I retrieve
now do not get any errors here I will actually wrap this and tell typescript that this will highlight
that this will be of type any.
Alternatively which just add angled brackets after get and set this to any here.
So now we should retrieve that address as a string which is in the end what I want and they are for
in the location Pinker we now
get our address here and we can console locked us for a start.
Let's do that let's console lock the address which we hopefully picked and let's wait for this to reload.
Pick the address and here it is.
So this sounds quite good.
Let's as a next step also make sure that we generate as snapshot a screenshot of that map area where
we have our pick place.